Pixi dependency management (#301)
queens-py/queens: doc/README.md

## :woman_teacher: Build the documentation

To build the documentation, first set up a QUEENS environment as described in the
[README](../README.md). For documentation work, use the development setup there, which
includes the required documentation and tutorial dependencies.

> Next, register the environment as a Jupyter kernel with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, register the environment as a Jupyter kernel such that the tutorial notbooks can be run while building the documentation:
```

Author: I added the suggested comment.
